Alrighty, so we're moving along
with our development process.
In this video we'll cover step four
of updating the SearchComponent
to send data to the search route.
So lets go ahead and open up our files
search.component.ts, and we actually want to
copy the selector so we can use it in our main application.
Now lets over to our app.component.html, our main app.
So lets move down into our page container,
and for the section for the Header Desktop.
So currently there is a section here for our form,
we're actually going to use our
SearchComponent in place of this.
So I'll just give me some whitespace here,
and I'll drop in my selector with a paste.
So I have a starting end tag
for my selector app-search.
So this is our new SearchComponent
app-search, that we just created a little earlier.
So lines 25 through 30, I'll actually comment out
this code because I don't want to use it right now.
I want to just test it to make sure that my new
SearchComponent shows up in my application.
Alrighty, and if I look at my search.component.html,
right now it should simply say "search works!"
and that's fine.
I simply want to make sure that this part of the app
actually works out.
So lets go ahead and run our application real quick
and test this out.
All right so swing over to the browser
and visit my application.
Okay this looks great, so it says "search works!"
So that's the information from our SearchComponent,
so we know that the component is up and working.
Now we can go ahead and start with some real business here.
So I'll swing back over to my IDE,
and I'll move back over to that app.component.html.
So that code that I commented out, I actually want to
copy that or cut it and move it to my SearchComponent.
So lets go ahead and select
this information into a cut.
And it will move it over to our search.component.html.
So I remove everything here and just drop this in,
remove the comments,
do a quick little format here in this document.
And now I'll make some changes.
So in this example, we're not using forms,
we'll simply make use of divs and input components.
We'll talk about forms later in the course,
but for now we'll just simply
take the divs and input components approach.
So I'll set up a div,
I'll remove the part here for the onsubmit and method.
We'll make use of our event binding
in our methods that we'll call in our application.
Give me some extra whitespace here,
so we can see things a bit better.
Now I'll kind of move around these attributes a bit,
just so they kind of appear in normal order.
So I'll go ahead move in here and add a template variable,
#myInput, the name of it so we can read that data later.
And I'll just move some things around.
So text that was there,
drop this down on a separate line, class.
Get rid of the name attribute,
because we don't need it.
And then this place holder, I'll move this right up here.
All right so we have the actual template
that's our place holder and then the class.
And then we'll say "search for products..."
and it will also add our event binding or event handlers
so in the event that the user presses the Enter key,
then we'll call doSearch and pass in myInput.value.
So we use that template reference value,
we'll listen for that event,
and then we call the method in our Angular code.
And again this could be any method name.
And we simply pass in the text
that the user typed in, into that text field.
And we've seen all this before, right?
Okay, good.
And then we'll do a similar thing here for our button.
So we remove the type portion of it,
and we add our event binding here.
So on click event we'll call it doSearch
and again just a little copy paste here,
doSearch of myInput.value.
And that takes care of the search button here,
for this given application.
Okay, so moving in here, lets go ahead and
add the supporting code for the Search button.
So I need to move into the code here
for my search.component.ts.
So the first thing we need to do
is inject the router into our component.
And then we'll add that method
that's called by the actually html page.
So the method name is doSearch.
They're going to pass in a string,
so that's the actual value,
or the key word that the user entered.
And then the code here will simply
be console.log on that value
just so we can look at it for debugging purposes
if we need it.
And now I'll use this.router.navigateByURl/search/$.
All right so zooming in here.
So we're actually going to call that route search
with the given key word.
So we're going to pin that to this given URL.
So we're routing the data to our search route.
It's going to be handled by the ProductListComponent.
And again, you're probably wondering why
ProductListComponent?
We simply want to reuse
the logic and view for listing products.
So we've already done that work before,
there's no reason to reinvent the wheel.